Pressing TAB in last field in entry editor moves focus to the next tab's first field (#13870)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - We fixed an issue where pressing "Tab" in the last TextField of a Tab did not move the focus to the next Tab in the Entry Editor. [#11937](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/11937)

Reviewer: Follow-up - to have this entry more user friendly:

```suggestion
- We fixed an issue where pressing <kbd>Tab</kbd> in the last text field of a tab did not move the focus to the next tab in the entry editor. [#11937](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/11937)
```
